Welcome, welcome everyone. Um, I'm Joe. I'm
from the startups team here at Anthropic and
we're so thrilled to have all of you
here today. We have a breakout of six
amazing founders uh that have really found
product market fit building on cloud across
a bunch of different industries across agentic
coding across design across music generation.
And a lot of these startups have really seen that
zero to multi-million user journey within the past
12 months. And I know in this crowd there's a
lot of, you know, really great founders too.
And so we want all of you to stay until the end
of the session. Uh we have a little surprise for
all of you to be able to spin up quicker uh
on Claude 4 um in our new family of models.
So without further ado, I want to bring up Kevin
uh who is the CEO and uh co-founder of Tempo Labs.
Awesome. Thanks, Joe. Everyone, nice to meet
you. As uh she mentioned, my name is Kevin,
one of the co-founders of Tempo, and
it's an honor to be here. Um to kick off,
I have a video uh that'll give you a little
bit of a taste of what Tempo's all about.
I don't take that fact. Won't you let me go? No,
you never come back. I'mma be the best
that you never never hide. [Music]
I like this. [Music]
But there is one more thing. [Applause] [Music]
I'm never
awesome. So uh what is tempo? At tempo we're
building cursor for PMs and designers. Uh,
Tempo is a new type of IDE that feels more like a
design tool like Figma than it does VS Code. And
the whole idea behind it is to give designers
and PMs the ability to collaborate with Claude
uh to create, you know, the first draft of pull
requests and in many cases uh the actual endto-end
pull request. Uh kind of pulling the engineer out
of the loop in some cases, but if anything, making
the process of working on code collaborative as it
stands today, it's really non-engineers don't, you
know, collaborate too much on code. So, I'll show
you a bit of a live demo of what that looks like.
Uh, this is Tempo. Uh, Tempo, as you can tell, uh,
you know, has three tabs. Product, uh, a PRD tab,
a design tab, and a code tab. So, imagine you're
a PM, right? You generate a Airbnb app with,
uh, Claude, and you're like, "Okay, great. This
looks, you know, it's a it's a it's a quick and
dirty prototype demo. Uh, and then you pass it off
to your designer, and your designer looks at uh,
the real Airbnb, and it's kind of like, hm, this
is kind of off. I need to get it pixel perfect."
So, uh, you come in here and you realize that,
uh, you know, you spent some time working on this
new animated, uh, tabs header. So, you can see,
you know, just like the it's nice and pretty,
just like the core, uh, Airbnb. Uh, so what I can
do now is I can, uh, drag and drop this right into
my header over here. Uh, give that a second.
There you go. We've got it in the header. Uh,
and then what I can do is just rearrange
this to get it in the middle. Um, and again,
every change that I'm making is actually, you
know, you can see editing the original source code
in the correct position. Um, so, okay, so we're
kind of like starting to make some progress. Now,
clearly these little new badges are not great. You
know, whenever whoever designed or created that
didn't do a great job. So, why don't we fix that
up really quick? Um, so I'm going to open up my
uh DOM tree over here, which shows me everything
that's in the DOM. I'll find the new badge, and
I'll I'll just click uh delete just like I would.
Boom. Okay, we're getting somewhere close. Looks,
you know, half decent. Now, let's compare to
Airbnb. Okay, we've got some work to do. Clearly,
Claude thought we need this little text header.
I'm just going to delete that like I normally
would in a design tool, traditional design tool
like Figma. I'm going to delete this over here.
And then I am going to let's compare again.
I'm going to move my uh the elements in my
property grid here to the center. I'm going to
add a little bit of gap between them. And then
maybe here I'm going to remove this uh Tailwind
padding. And then I'm going to compare to core
Airbnb and then the site that I built in tempo.
And now you get an idea of how you know PMs,
designers can collaborate together with Claude.
And then again I can enter a commit message,
push this to uh to GitHub. Um, and actually
the really cool thing is that this actually
this code isn't running locally on my machine.
It's actually running on a Docker container in
the cloud. So this whole thing is collaborative.
I can send a link to someone just like Figma and
they can come and collaboratively code uh with
me and with Claude. There you go. Tempo is again
it's it's an IDE for designers and developers
uh to collaborate together on code. Uh we
already have uh a number of customers and have
been growing extremely extremely quickly. Uh,
and what we're seeing for customers that adopt
Tempo is designers truly are turning into design
engineers. And we're seeing that, you know,
approximately 10 to 15% of front-end pull
requests are actually being able to be opened
by designers directly. They're often able to do
uh pixel pushing themselves without
involving an engineer. They can just
work with tempo and with claude directly.
Uh, and in in about 60% of pull requests,
uh, we see that a sizable chunk of the front-end
code has been generated by designers, by PMs, and
by claude. and it actually accelerates it's useful
code that accelerates um a true front-end engineer
uh in their process of going to production. And
so that's tempo. Uh we are in the we're imminently
about to release support for cloud 4. So I invite
you all to uh give it a shot uh and empower your
PMs and your designers to start to collaborate
with your engineers on code. Thank you.
Howdy everybody. Um my name is Andrew Ph. Um
I will start uh with a little bit of a past
history. I built and sold software business for
more than$2 billion dollars. So I ran a team of
more than thousand people and despite doing that I
could tell that only about two to 5% of our ideas
ever came to life. Uh because the majority of
the time we spent on fairly routine work and the
larger is the company the more of that routine is
in your uh kind of the bigger that routine makes
part of your of your day job. So I fundamentally
believe that uh we can automate at least 90% of
that routine work giving us opportunity to move
10 times faster and bring more of our ideas to
life and um I personally uh believe that a lot
of their of this transformation will happen this
year and we're uh actually observing it as we
speak including today I think that uh this week
actually demark uh demarks their transition into
the next generation. So how only 12 months ago the
whole industry was on the first generation of AI
coding assistant. So a code completion it kind of
uh was a very nice convenience uh but not a game
changer to to um anybody and then October last
year um thanks to Entropic we got um cloud
3.5 and that was a gamecher and that allowed
um us and Zen coder and cursor and windsurf and a
lot of other players to build true coding agents
inside of your ID. So that opened up a completely
new uh use cases, completely new scenarios. We saw
usage skyrocket uh 10x, 100x and we saw people
uh being able to do amazing things that they
haven't been able to do before. And part of that
revolution was um the model support for tools
and environment because behind a lot of those
generational changes there are some technical
capabilities that kind of unlock all of that,
right? uh there was also move in the models from
coding quote unquote like Olympia style stuff
to through software engineering and that was
uh very very very important and then uh obviously
context matters um software repositories are quite
large so it's good to to have a larger support
and I think that uh in this year we'll actually
see transition to the next generation uh for me
one of the biggest enablers there is verification
uh so I'm super excited about something that we
haven't yet talked uh at this conference today
is computer use. We saw rapid progress in those
models and they uh allow us to build uh proper
verification and verification is key to scaling
AI uh and kind of delivering more fully autonomous
cycle. And then the other thing is uh in real
life in actual production work uh where you got
multiple people engaged and multiple teams engaged
uh typically a lot of the time is wasted in what
I call in between uh kind of passing the ball. And
so when we think about the problem, we think about
software development life cycle as a whole uh not
just about the coding and that's a big part of our
um DNA. And so super happy to announce a couple
of weeks ago uh came with Zen agents. So taking
that concept of um coding agent and extending
into custom agents that you can share across
your whole organization with full support for
MCP with specialized coding tools and whatnot
but you can basically deploy them across your
whole uh SDLC from their uh work on your PRD
to to the actual coding to verification to uh
code reviews and whatnot. So uh that's super
exciting and I'll just uh basically show you
a quick video and we'll be good to go. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
[Applause]
We're looking forward for Entropic to bring us
MCP registry. Uh but while that's not available,
we offer you ours. So we got 100 um I believe
about 100 MCP servers out there and obviously
you can configure your own. And also as we launch
Zen agents, we're excited to launch the community
aspects of it. So there's an uh MIT licensed
GitHub repo where you can commit your agents
and if we approve your PR uh everybody will will
see them. So we're excited and think that that can
help kickstart the creativity process in a lot of
organizations and kind of take it beyond the basic
coding use uh truly across the whole software
development life cycle. So thank you all. Hi,
my name is Jordan. I'm the head of AI
engineering at Gamma. And at Gamma,
our mission is to help bring your ideas
to life. Whether that's presentations,
documents, websites, or even social media
carousels. We do all this through AI to help
build these things for you. And we love Quad. Uh
throughout Gamma's kind of history of using AI,
there's been two moments where a model upgrade has
made significant impact to our key metrics around
user satisfaction for deck generation. The first
was when sonnet 3.5 came out and the second was
when sonnet 3.7 came out. Um we actually saw an 8%
increase in this metric which is something that we
spent hundreds of hours trying to prompt engineer
around and could not get such improvements. Um and
one of the big reasons for this was around web
search. So the built-in tool in sonnet that we
can natively use web search for and not have to
use a third party service. So I'm going to show
you the difference what web search made in gamma
by showing two decks generated with gamma. One
with web search and one without. So this is gamma.
Gamma used AI to generate this. It used sonnet 3.7
but it did not use web search. And as you can
see got a lot of things wrong. This conference
isn't January 22nd 2025. It's not three days. I
don't think these are the right speakers. So let's
see what we can do with web search. So in gamma
you can create a entire presentation, web page,
document, anything from a single sentence. So
I'll type in code with claude conference 2025.
And it's going to first create an outline for
me. It's going to search the web to figure out
what should be in this outline. and it will
inevitably find details about the CL code with
Claude conference and put them there. So, as you
can see, we're already off to a better start where
we have the correct dates, we have real technical
sessions, we have the right location. So, this
looks much better for us. And I've even gone ahead
and created an anthropic theme that we can use.
So now that we have the outline generated,
Gamma will take that outline and it
will take the other information it has
and create an entire presentation for us with
hopefully the correct details. So let's check.
So, I think already we're off to a
better start. It has the right date,
has the right location, tells us the schedule,
and overall, this provides us a
much better starting point if we
were to say make a presentation or
a website about this conference.
It's not going to be perfect, but it'll get
you to a point where you have the correct
information and you're at a good starting
point to actually finish your presentation.
So, this one change from sonnet 3.5 to 3.7 with
with web search was a huge lift for us and we're
very excited to continue to use claude and to
continue to see these improvements. Lastly, we are
hiring. So if you are an engineer or product or
designer and are interested in working at Gamma,
you can go to careers.gamma.app. Thank you. Hi,
my name is Omar Goyel. I'm the CEO and co-founder
of BTO. We're building the hopefully the world's
best AI code review platform. So as we all know,
we're using all these cursor windserve cla uh
um claude code to write massive massive amounts
of code. The amount of code that developers are
writing we think is going to go up 10x over the
next year or two. Um but what that means is
that you know vibe coding which we all talk
about does not equal vibe engineering. How do you
get code that's scalable, reliable, performant,
fits into your architectural design patterns and
that's still left to the code review process. But
code review is not going to scale teams have
trouble keeping up today. It's not going to
scale for 10x the amount of code. BTO's built an
AI code review that plugs into GitHub, GitLab,
Bitbucket, works with over 50 languages. Our focus
is really, especially with Sonnet, having a really
high quality model that provides a human-like
code review focuses on the critical things. Our
biggest thing is really about more signal and less
noise. How do we provide you actionable important
suggestions? Let me show it to you. So, we've got
a a PR here. This is GitLab. It works kind of the
same in in all the platforms. So once you create
a PR uh BTO's fired bid gets called and we first
start by summarizing your PR. This doesn't require
any documentation or any comments. We just look at
the diffs. We look at your code and we summarize
it. Then we give you a quick kind of overview of
what we found in the PR. So here we found three
actionable suggestions. some things about missing
resources uh a cache implementation that needs
to be impacted and then a class cast exception
error which we'll talk about. Um next we provide
a change list. This change list gives you it's
kind of a double click on the summary summarizes
the key changes in your PR and then looks at what
are the diffs that comprise that. So you as a
reviewer you get a quick double click on what
actually matters in this PR. Now let's go through
a couple of these suggestions. So this first one
is really about uh this resource management
uh resource manager class is talking about a
permanent resource leak uh if you don't fix this.
So we give you a detailed code suggestion which
you can then oneclick apply as a commit or you
can batch those commits. Uh the next suggestion
uh that we'll look at really briefly is um this
non-thread safe static cache implementation. Uh
and so we again we've given you a code suggestion.
We're suggesting a concurrent hashmap instead of a
hashmap to avoid race conditions. Now, let's talk
a little bit about this third suggestion which I
think is really important and highlights how we
use sonnet. So, we really use sonnet to provide
that human-like code review and those reasoning
capabilities. We've done a lot of work to really
understand your codebase and that's where sonnet
kind of comes in. So, if you look here, what we've
got is this network data fetcher um class. It
has been cast to a link list. Uh this is Java. If
you're not familiar with Java, I'll just kind of
walk you through it. But really what's happening
here is that this data uh you can see there's
a data processor constructor that then cast
something to an array list which is going to cause
a class cast exception in production. Now how did
how did we find this? Well, what Bid has done is
that it looked through the code and said, "Hey,
for this network data fetcher, you were trying
to instantiate this data processor object. this
data processor object. Then well, what is that? We
went and looked, crawled your code, understood it
through abstract syntax trees, a symbol index, and
saw its reasoning and said, "Hey, this is cast as
an array list." And so now this array lists, you
know, is going to collide with this link list and
going to create an exception in production. This
is probably an error that most humans wouldn't
even find, let alone, you know, most systems. Now,
if we want to shift this left, we can even bring
this to your IDE. So, here's the same changes in
your IDE. uh you can easily kind of rightclick and
say hey I want to review my local changes stage
commits etc run review those local changes the
same agent runs in your IDE again being driven
by sonnet um and we provide the the output and
then you can oneclick apply those suggestions uh
so that's uh that's a little bit about how it how
it works uh maybe I'll just mention one last
thing so we hundreds of customers and you know
the question is well what impact is this really
having so PRs are closing in onetenth the time
so that PR that used to close take 50 hours to go
from open to merge now goes open to merge in five
hours um these are three companies hundreds of
engineers um and BTO's providing 80ish% of the
feedback that a PR receives so we're taking care
of the vast majority of the work and it's really
being driven by the fact that AI provides that
feedback in three minutes or four minutes instead
instead of one or two days. Thank you. Let's talk
about something different. So, my name is Hike and
I want to talk about Refusion. So, Refusion is
a generative music startup here in San Francisco
and we work on training frontier music models and
then create an incredible product experience for
crafting and exploring the art of music. And our
song lyrics writing pipeline is powered by Claude
So our core thing that we train is a diffusion
transformer. Um we train this from scratch and
we think it's the most creative music model in the
world. We train it for quality, for diversity, for
speed, for controllability. And as a fun anecdote,
this square of pixels here represents 30 seconds
of music in our latent space. Um, it's kind of
crazy to think about how compressed that is,
but uh, writing fantastic song lyrics is a crucial
part of great songs. Um, and current LLMs are um,
good at a very many things, but writing good song
lyrics, they're they're still pretty cringy. Um,
but, uh, Claude is the best for sure. And we built
an agent called Ghost Writer that's essentially
meant to help you write and refine song lyrics as
an artist. and basically focusing on, you know,
diversity, humor, taste, what flowing with
the music itself. And this is a crucial tool
um in our product. Uh it's been used tens of
millions of times now to to write song lyrics. So,
let's go demo some stuff. U if we pop over to my
computer. So, this is our homepage for fusion.com.
Check it out. It's really fun. There's a
lot of amazing music to explore on here.
Um, I will just punch in something here. Uh,
let's say experimental indie trip hop about
the feeling of getting better after being
really sick. There's a song concept. So,
we'll pop in a couple of those. Um, in the
meantime, let me just play a song. And there's
a there's a ton of really deep editing workflows
here for getting into stuff, but also just getting
started. You can just type something in and
start listening to music and go from there. Um,
so let me just play a song from the the homepage
and then we'll go back and listen to what we made.
[Music] Don't downplay my grind. I've been
clocking kills since the ink dried on that
line. You ain't these souls now. Limited supply.
Too many lost left cold in the breeze. Then they
mama selling gumbo just to cover the fees. Please
flip the corner cash the equity that's the creed
but most is crashing out living life on the speed
in the drop breeze thick hair like a key manifest
on the scene but I'm cut different.
[Music] All right so let's listen
to some of the songs here. Got the reawakening.
Let's see what the lyrics look like here.
Written by a ghost with my muscles forotreng
[Music]
to move.
Let's see dawn fade.
[Applause] [Music] So whenever Ghost Rider
generates we have uh kind of an iterative process
of thinking about the concept of a song ideating
about actually the context of the genre you're
writing for because say the lyrics of a drum and
bass song are super different the lyrics of a you
know a folk song that might be storytelling um and
that process of just trying to get something that
actually fits with the music is is actually really
hard and subtle and requires a lot of iteration
and and refinement. So an example of some of the
kind of deep editing stuff we can do here. So we
can do remixing to create variations to extend
from a certain section to replace a section
actually to swap the stems like the vocals and
the sound while keeping the other one the same
and even capturing this idea of a vibe which is
like a short audio snippet that you can then use
to prompt instead of text. So you can mix and
match these things and just get really deep in
your refinement. And then with Ghost Rider,
let's say if we were to use a prompt here,
um, or we were to use the lyrics here, actually,
throw them up. Then we could type in here like
add a spoken word intro in French and just pop
that in and start start iterating. So yeah,
that's the that's the app and the product
and it's it's a really fun experience and
um Claude's Claude's definitely the
best for this kind of stuff. So yeah,
come talk to me. Come talk to Henry if
you're interested in music and uh thanks.
[Applause] Um hey everyone, I'm Drew. I'm the
co-founder and CEO of Create. Uh we're an AI
textto app builder that lets anybody build working
software products um on the internet and uh the
exciting thing about create is it's an AI agent
that can take in just natural language prompts and
go end to end uh on building things. So we got
our start in web apps and claude is one of the
base models that powers a lot of our code writing
for the agent. Um, but we're really excited about
um, our new mobile app builder um, that is for the
first time letting people actually build mobile
apps. And so today I thought I'd just go ahead and
show it off. So I'll switch over to the live demo.
Um, and we're in beta, but uh, somebody just
actually emailed me an idea a few weeks ago
for a family memory app that lets people uh,
basically store their memories on their phone,
uh, upload their uh, different
images and oops, live demos.
uh store their different images and uh get
going on building their family memories app.
So let me actually go create a new project and
type this in and say make an iOS app for this.
Um, and as you type creates agent starts getting
to work, um, it's going to start building out all
the core pages, um, as well as the backend
functionality for what you need. Um, and so
it will also pull in other, uh, integrations
you you might need to use. Um, and go ahead
and get set up. I, uh, am actually going to go
ahead and switch to some pre-loaded things. So,
the basic idea is you prompt, uh, and you're able
to actually generate full applications. Um, uh,
the cool thing about create. Oh, there we go.
Starting to build a little bit. Um, is that, um,
it also comes built in with backends and frontends
and everything you kind of need from the, uh,
from the database to the actual core O. Um, and so
here it's actually building out my family memories
front end. U, but then in a second, you'll
see that it also issues the like schemas uh,
for the database and goes ahead and deploys a full
database and hooks up all the functions needed to
talk to this front end. Um, we are really excited
about the fact that non-technical users in the
hundreds of thousands are starting to pour into
create to actually fully build apps um, without
needing to go to the ID and truly just work from
promptland. Um, and so one of the biggest things
that we've been working on is actually the ability
to also fully submit from create as well. Um,
create after your app is done then goes ahead
and submits your app straight to the app store
and builds a build for you. Um there's actually
an app we built uh in a day. Um you can just in
one click publish it and submit to the app store.
Um and this will go ahead and kick off a build.
Um we actually already started uh got this app in
the app store. So if anyone here wants to download
it and play with it, it's an AI app that lets
you very quickly take drawings and turn it into
uh AI images called Draw Daily. Um and then in
the beta, the thing that's been the most exciting
uh for us is just seeing all the cool apps that
are being created. We just hosted a demo day and
this is William um and he is making an app to
help you memor memorize meaningful connections
um and details of uh people's lives uh and pull
it up. And so you just talk to the app um and
it pulls up special information about your contact
info um and uh and helps you remember anything for
sales calls or anything else you want. Um or uh
we also had a student at Berkeley who's building
the scholarship app that he's always wanted um
where he's constantly filling out grants um and
unable to kind of do it automatically and so he's
building scholar GPT um and a lot of these like
the core agent of how they built were using you
know prompt caching tool calling a lot of the
core primitives that enthropic makes available to
actually get them to success u and just to show a
few more um blaze is actually a basketball coach
and for the first time ever he's using create to
get rid of all of these spreadsheets and drills
he does for his uh coaches. Um and instead uh you
build a full player coach app that lets them uh
download uh drills uh put their lesson plan out
and then uh see animations um in the app of how
they uh should be uh getting used. Um and then
finally uh we've also had personal finance apps
being created. Um, so like a personal AI money
coach for Gen Z with full rag um that also has a
cloudpowered uh assistant that can figure out your
monthly income and give you personalized financial
recommendations. And so part of what we're like
most excited about is just the explosion of who
and how uh software will be made um when you give
people these tools and very excited to partner
with uh Claude to power all this. Thank you.